>> Bianca Gandolfo: When you guys
were implementing this on your own,
what were some pieces that were confusing?
>> Speaker 2: Just
how the data was being stored, basically?
So it made sense just to
implement with an array.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah, yeah, yeah,
yeah.
>> Speaker 2: And I was like, well,
it already works like a stack, [LAUGH].
So as an object, it was the challenge,
the subject.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Cool,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Anything else,
any questions, comments?
Things that you feel like you
need to pay attention to when you
implement this on your own,
that might be confusing later, no?
>> Speaker 3: Maybe a weird side
questions, line 6, line 7, right?
Using the underscore to denote, hey, don't
access this outside of methods, internal.
I know in Ruby, you can set private
methods, protected methods.
Is there any JavaScript analog to that,
where you can actually physically
lock the process, or is it always, yeah?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: It's complicated,
I mean, the answer is yes.
There are a lot of ways you can go about
doing it, usually they're a lot of work.
So you can use things like closures,
and then
you can also freeze objects and stuff like
that, so you can't actually change them.
But in general,
it's okay just to do the underscore, and
people will understand that
that is not to be messed with.
Yeah, especially if you're using a class
constructor in this way, you're not gonna
be able to make it private.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Good question.